#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anthropic==0.47.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
cohere==5.13.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   griffe
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
fastapi==0.115.9
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   snowflake-connector-python
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
griffe==1.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
groq==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   groq
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
huggingface-hub==0.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistralai
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.19
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langgraph==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.53
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph
langsmith==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
logfire-api==3.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
mistralai==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
numpy>=1.0,<2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
openai==1.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
pinecone==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
pydantic-ai==0.0.29
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-ai-slim[anthropic,cohere,groq,mistral,openai,vertexai]==0.0.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-graph==0.0.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistralai
    #   pinecone
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python==3.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
starlette==0.45.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistralai
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uuid==1.30
    # via -r requirements.in
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
